I do okay you need to make the
transition a little bit smoother you
almost completely stop a free and goes
back into proposition don't turn you
back down there you go go go go go you
don't call them don't follow me just
wait good turn oh okay
so he's not getting anything there you
got a you got to go right into feeding
okay jump back free feed there you go
and make a turn
I think here learning lose them on the
turn maybe make your turn too fast get
out he was really not pushing but he's
doing really good yes
oh ho look at that okay now turn Oh
better watch Street good make it right
good make another right walk a little
quicker a completely out
one thing about my help
one thing that might help us get a whole
hot dog
that way he nibbles off pieces at a time
go go go
but today he needs a whole lot boy the
other day alright so I feel like